Always set `tokenEndpoint` using value of `authorizationUri` from `OAuthSettings` during `LoginClient` initialization. (#338)
leancodepl/flutter_corelibrary: packages/login_client/CHANGELOG.md

# 3.2.0

> - Always set `tokenEndpoint` using value of `authorizationUri` from `OAuthSettings` during `LoginClient` initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always use `OAuthSettings.authorizationUri` for token endpoint in `LoginClient` initialization (for refreshing the token).
```
